I told that by people who work under General Lawton, who had worked with him, and who knew.
We had no doubt about General Lawton.
We know that General Lawton was finally given three reigns of his own volition, an
escape zone investigation, made certain systems, suspension report, Mama, he did sir.
Now Mr. Coon, have you related all of the instruments with respect off October 29th and your
twelve green notes are being carried to elaborate upon?
Very briefly sir, as to what knowledge we gained from Green Width which convulsed and
forth later.
Again, with a brief reference of my mate to the public record, based on the information
which we received from David Green Width on that day, we had drawn up a question and answer
to that position which he swore to and which has become a part of the record of the subcommittee
in which he described the fact that there has been espionage in the Army signal corps
and that such activity might possibly still be continuing.
In other words, that all the members of the ring had not been apprehended, but he said
sir, I'm not going to read it if I may, I'm just going to read a sentence or two from it.
Very well.
Speak for itself.
Mr. Green grads with A.
Question.
Did you learn and sirs, I said Ian South had been a communist spy and had admitted it
and were popping the FBI in the government and we understand now that they're going
to last.
I think it's a fifteen years answer.
Fifteen years answer.
Green Width with A.
Question.
Did you learn if there was espionage in the Army signal corps?
Yes.
I learned that there was espionage in the Army signal corps.
I learned that the Rosenberg ring took and obtained secrets from the Army signal corps
and transmitted them to Russian questions.
Would you give us some of the details concerning your knowledge of espionage in the signal corps?
Answer.
Yes.
The Rosenberg told me that the Russians had a very small and a very poor electronic industry.
This is of course another name for the radar industry and that it was of the utmost importance
that information of an electronic nature, the obtained and gotten to him.
Things like electronic valves, vacuum tubes, capacitors, transformers and various other
electronic and radio components were some of the things he was interested in.
Rosenberg also told me that he gave all of the true manuals he could get a hand sign
to Russian, some of which were classified top secrets.
Continually he said, about 1947 at a time when I was at when I was when it was a top United
States scientific secret.
Julius Rosenberg told me about information he had obtained from his friend relating
to a thinking machine which would send out interceptor guided missiles to knock out
and enemy guided missiles which had been detected by our radar and is of course predicted
by our thinking machine.
Rosenberg was discussing this information with me as I said before when it was a top American
scientific secret.
Of course it must be remembered that Rosenberg was employed by the signal corps.
During World War II and worked at Fort Hornets in other places which were working on time
or subcontracts for the signal corps such as the Amazon radio corporation.
At one time too, Rosenberg was an inspector for the signal corps.
After the war when Rosenberg and I were in business together in New York, Rosenberg
used a signal corps contact in an attempt to obtain contracts for a technology product
in a G&R engineering company.
And just wanting to stop it.
As a matter of fact, Julius made a number of tricks to signal corps officials in Philadelphia
for this purpose.
Once when I questioned Julius about the necessity of the frequent Philadelphia trick he ended
that not only for the trick necessary for company business but also because he had to
say his espionage contact.
Then I think about the last question and answers I want to read with me these questions.
Did Rosenberg tell you anything about working on the proximity cues while he was at the
signal corps installation at Emmerton?
Answer, yes.
Rosenberg told me that while he was employed for the signal corps at Emmerton, he stole
the proximity cues and gave it to the Russian.
Greenberg then goes on to describe how Rosenberg accomplished his set.
I want to mention who and who would you be reading?
I have been reading from a foreign deposition by David Greenberg which is an evidence for
the Matarbe committee.
And I won't go on with that description.
Greenberg told on with really the position taken by the Matarbe committee.
It was not the testimony given between Greenberg and Corps to get this report.
Oh no.
We wanted Greenberg to actually come and testify before the committee.
I will.
The Justice Department would not submit it but they did submit it to take the deposition.
The last question was taken by the significant decision.
Question, when did the operation of the Rosenberg ring which had as its purpose the obtaining
of radar secrets for Russia stopped and as far as I know these operations never stopped
and could very possibly be continuing to this very day.
And there are further details in the Greenberg testimony.
First action if you need the Senator Matarbe's face on there about the fifth day of November
which was referred to making a statement about continuing the investigation or holding hearings.
These are the executive or public hearings on Fourth Moments.
Well on the fifth of November which was just before the day before the quenching of Mr.
Thiemont's office, Senator Matarbe stated publicly that it was his prime intention to hold public hearings on communist infiltration at the Fourth Moments on the radar laboratory.
I will move statements or live statements carried in the crib.
It was given my stipulations certified without reading my insert for the record to article one from the New York
Health Tribune and one from the Washington Times held saying starting a full exposure of communist
ethnicity and objectivity at the signal call laboratories and radar center at Fourth Moments
and the majority was promised yesterday by Senator Joseph Almancourt MacCarpie when he begins hearing the U.S. Court House on
May I file those for the record?
The two stories updated Friday November 6th, 1953,
were referred to statements made by Senator MacCarpie on Thursday, November 5th, 1953.
That objection is filed as a jibberst, I think, 26 and 27 minutes of duck-a-dow, whatever the appropriate young result.
28, 29, and an objection, right?
Now it's the cold and you serious testimony, I don't think it would be denied by anyone that there was a mention in the panic on in the 6 days
of November 6th, certainly will not be denied by me.
I want the Royal Conclusion of that luncheon, we went from Mr. Cleveland, we went from Mr. Adams,
and now we want to hear from Mr. Cohn that it was expected that to be clear, immediately.
I'll tell you what went on in the best area.
The luncheon was arranged by Mr. Adams, he said, as the request of Mr. C.
Mr. Adams, I've been talking to us on October 21st and on subsequent occasions about what to be done to stop hearings and the investigation of our committee of mama.
He indicated that he and Mr. Stevens would be very much pleased if we could work out some way of stopping it,
that it was not helping either one of them, but it's been heard in the press, had to be in the position of Mr. Adams.
No, I think actually the investigation was before that.
I would say two or three days, I don't remember, just one fire can all be done on the 6th.
Mr. Adams called me, I believe it was, although I have no clear recognition of the call.
So, Mr. Adams of just one of us, Mr. Adams called me.
And he said that, couldn't he and Mr. Stevens get one more back at the senator before the hearings got underway?
And Mr. Stevens, with a deeply appreciative, if a little one should be held at his office, so that it doesn't matter to be discussed.
I quote the chairman, Senator McCarthy, and answer him about it.
He said, sure, Mr. Stevens thinks there's something he wants to talk to him about, he would be very glad to have lunch on.
So, the meeting was set up. Senator McCarthy was expected.
Frank was expected. Dave Shine was expected. I was expected.
Now, why do you say Dave Shine was expected, Mr. Cohn, because he was there?
Who would name the Jets, the inviteean?
The direct call was Mr. Adams.
So, you and the senator, and Dave Shine, and Frank Carr, being four in numbers?
Yes.
Mr. Adams, Mr. Adams, Mr. Kansas, Mr. Cohn, and Mr. Cohn, on November 6th.
We work.
And you say the prime purpose was to get one more crack at the senator, and in order for him to call out the four drummers.
That was the answer.
That's the subject.
Who would name the Jets?
From outside, there was the chairman, Frank, and my son.
Why did Dave Shine not have been meddling?
I don't remember details there. There were two or three reasons.
I remember we passed the invitation on to him, but he had had an illness in his family number one,
and number two, he had been inducted into the Army, and he had some reservations about drawing down to the secretary's office and having lunch.
The school one happened to be in the gun on November 6th.
The first time he called it, sir, he wants that in detail.
I think it might be well.
It's hard.
The school certainly is the subject's mention that important facts to the issue, it's the only time I had lunch.
The chairman's office, and I do remember it was out of all what happened there.
I know that Frank Khan, I arrived before Senator McCarty, and then the senator came.
Lunch and places were set for a day of shine.
He did not say that his wife did not come.
Mr. Stevens asked where he walked.
I don't remember details of there were six places, or chairs, or places, or six.
I think so, if that's a single essay.
I don't remember the number six, Mr. Jenkins, while I do remember, they were a vacant place.
If they have one more, that's an expected and a lie.
And I remember Mr. Stevens asking if Dave were in trouble.
And I think Mr. Adams had something to the effect that no, I had told Mr. Adams Dave probably would not be down.
I also remember, we've been talking about pictures.
So Mr. Stevens said that a couple of photographers at the Pentagon had wanted a picture of him,
the secretary with Dave who was just an inductive as a private, and he had told him that he expected Dave for lunch
and thought the picture could be taken there.
My baby, you mean Dave?
Yes, sir.
You remember that distinctly?
I do so.
And you remember this week when you were saying Mr. Khan, positively, definitely.
The shine was invited to be there on medication.
Yes, sir.
I know that I called him and told him that he was invited and expected and he said he didn't think he could come.
I don't know how it does, and he was.
And I remember telling Mr. Adams that I was the chairman, of course, would be there.
But I was the there, that Frank would be there.
I thought I made it pretty clear that Dave would not be there, but apparently Mr. Adams did not re-waste that to save.
And you say that it was the secretary in person who said that he had hoped or expected to have his photograph taken with Dave?
Well, sir, it was not that much of a federal case if I can use that term.
It was simply a matter of a grandest of a couple of photographers in the Pentagon before they got a picture of the secretary of the Army
and Dave Shine, who had been inducted as a private photography, could picture the half.
They had made inquiries of Mr. Stevens' office, and Mr. Stevens had apparently said that he expected Dave to lunch that day
and that the picture could be taken on that occasion.
When Dave didn't show up, he asked where Dave was and mentioned he had told the photographer they probably could get that picture.
Very well.
I do remember that.
There was no great point of it.
Now what occurred there that day in addition to the things he detailed?
It was a long session.
Uh, as we understand about a VR session, yes, it was once.
But we don't want you to consume VRs and setting a foot transfer there on that occasion.
There's no danger of that.
The American princess, Mr. Cohen, and Mr. Taylor, are the important things of cloud that day.
Uh, by summary, sir, the important things for this.
Mr. Steven and Mr. Adams wanted to know if there wasn't some way to stop the public hearing.
The Senate of Macauv, he said with the help wasn't it some way we could get them the call box.
Uh, Senate of Macauv, he said no, there was no way that the hearings would see help and that they should be help.
Mr. Steven, next, uh, and he said no, but get a rundown of the public hearings.
He was able to show up so he could be prepared for what was to come.
Uh, he addressed that to Senator Macauv.
Senator Macauv, he said, and I think Senator Macauv, he started giving an outline.
And in many times to me, he said, told me that Mr. Talman just to see everything that was going to be brought out of the first public hearings.
And he said there's some old man.
Uh, I spent so much time as we understand it, you never had a public hearing.
No, it's not through respect to mama.
No, we had not.
So, uh, I went into a detailed review of witnesses.
We expected the call testimony that within all probability, the adult's then, uh, thankful on those lines showing that I remember I talked about this.
Green glass deposition.
Uh, I remember the Jenkins, I told the, I told Mr. Steven that our investigation shows that not only had to his Rosenberg been bound at my list, but probably a majority of members of the Rosenberg firing had at one time or another work to the Army signal floor and specifically down at four.
Which was a pretty good indication of the how important the Russians thought those laboratories were.
The television, that evidence we had showed that when an associate, a Julius Rosenberg and other members of his ring, had still been at one moment in the year 1953.
That a group of them had moved out of mind, but that didn't mean much because they had moved into the federal telecommunications laboratory, which was a company doing subcontracting work for the Army signal corps and thought month so that they were doing just about the same thing at another place.
I remember that we told Mr. Steven that one grant, if example, that was the case and it's a public record of a man named Joseph Levitt, for whom Julius Rosenberg was actually the reference of employment with the federal telecommunications laboratory and that this Joseph Levitt had been working at the federal telecommunications laboratory right down into 1953.
Even though his employment application shows for all the cities, that Julius Rosenberg was one of the three people who got him the job.
And there were a lot of other examples and it showed a very terrible situation of coming into infiltration over a period of time and of the presence of security.
I gave that outline to Mr. Steven.
It was like a very strange surprise.
It's like the situation's existed Mr. Steven.
I don't know that he was surprised, sir. He was disturbed.
Well, it was made known that you and the students can continue your work to forthman look into how these open stations...
Yes, sir. It's a matter of like Senator McCoppy went further. He said that even more important to him than the exposure of individual communists or security risks was the exposure of people within the Department of the Army who had covered up the security risks and communists and that made it possible for them to continue on the job until the committee came along.
Mr. Cohn, what was said by either the Secretary or Mr. Adams on that occasion designed a super-sweaver influence to not hold these open hearings on Portland.
So I don't know any about his design, but after this resettlement completed, I recall Mr. Steven got up and said, turns to Senator McCoppy and said, in effect, I don't remember if he's exact where it's Senator is.
What's your first one, Mr. Cohn? I don't hear you.
What was the second thing he said in substance senator is in his complete against that?
Right now.
I think that's all.
We're trying to third time now.
Mr. Jenkins, the Secretary stood up and addressed himself as Senator McCoppy, said where it's the effect senator.
If you go through with these hearings, the public hearings, if you go into this oil he set up and everything else, I will have to resign.
The Secretary of the Young, I've been here for 10 months.
A lot of the people involved have been serving under me and it's my responsibility and I'm the partner who I'm just going to have to resign.
Mr. Cohn, are you the epinism of students to stay in Maine, that's his statement?
My annual run ID is the committee has on its witness page.
Although there might be some difference in the burden in the terminology.
Well, the termine is the chair that was the 7th inning, so it was a five-minute recess.
I'm sure that the chair needs not have not reached the audience about the rule of the chair familiar against any audible manifestation of approval of this approval because I feel that most of you who were here before the recess are the same folks who are here now.
Mr. Jenkins, you were interrogating.
I don't see the witness.
Move over there, you can't.
Mr. Cohn, you can't.
Mr. Cohn is not in the caucus room.
The Senator Mon has been informed now that Mr. Cohn is back on his way to the Senate caucus room and will continue to testify.
Mr. Cohn has certified his length on the statements of General Lockings before the executive session of the MacArthur Subcommittee.
He's also told about the meeting of October 21st in which he spent the evening with Mr. Adams and New York City.
Mr. Adams, we'll move to dinner and later on to the boxing match and the evening Mr. Adams hinted at or suggested that Army might be relieved of some of the pressure put on it if the MacArthur Subcommittee were to examine or go into a led communist infiltration in the Navy and in the Air Force.
There is a small conference with Mr. Jenkins and Senator Mon in Senator McClub.
Senator Simon, chatting with Mr. Bob Kennedy, the Council for the Nair.
Mr. Jenkins is referring with the Social Council, Mr. Cohn.
There is the empty witness chair where Mr. Cohn is supposed to be and is not at the moment during this small recess.
We are not yet having Mr. Cohn in the witness chair and it will start in just a moment.
The ABC television network is bringing you the complete hearings into the MacArthur Army controversy.
Mr. Cohn is returned to the caucus room and goes now to Senator Mon in to Mr. Jenkins rather than return to the witness chair he's probably apologizing and talking over the course of his testimony for the next hour or so that is remaining prior to the recess for the afternoon.
Then Mr. Cohn aggregates.
And his rudder of supply starts for the session after they meet Senator Mon
and they are called ... committee to order.
곧 up to witness chair and the governor suddenly could be safe.
長 it is a second Fleetkar who is in the process of direct examination
and he will take up the cabinet at the face of the council tankings and proceed.
More direct testimony by Mr. Cohn is now back in the witness chair and Mr.
Chairman will cut only words hemigone on the one we seek to the lunch.
Yes.
And he had the ...
when he took the respect.
He had the countets the events up to the point where you said the Secretary of the Army stated that
if his investigation continued he would have to resign and take a care of the Army.
Yes sir.
He said that to Senator McCarthy, Senator McCarthy, read why.
You will call what Senator McCinnon McCinnon McCinnon McCinnon McCinnon's will fly well.
Yes I do.
What was it?
Well, Senator what Senator McCinnon McCinnon said was that he thought Mr.
Stavins was entirely too sensitive on the question of a personal effect it would have on Mr.
Stavins.
Senator it is not agreed.
Senator Whitney is that much of a personal reflection on Mr. Stavins.
He thought of Mr. Stavins today house cleaning job that he has no reason to be personally concerned.
May the first time Senator McCinnon in the seats that he would visit from further investigation
are the visits from holding public hearings who would reflect upon Martin Scohn's conduct?
No.
No Mr. Cole, an allegation is made and one of the committee may consider a serious allegation.
The allegation being by human son of the Macriby that on that occasion November 6th, Mr.
Stavins made some remarks or made some statements about you resisting from further investigation
report, Martin going astute the Navy and the Air Force.
I want you to tell us nearly as you can this subcommittee precisely what the Secretary of the Army said on that occasion with respect to that subject.
Of course I can't give the exact word from Mr. Stavins.
The substance was Mr. Stavins thought that we would look at timing and infiltration in the Navy and the Air Force for a while
and give the Army a rest that that would be welcome.
What reply was made to that to get you?
Are the required by the Chairman wise for a number of points.
I remember one or two of them were that first of all we could not stop an investigation.
We had no facts warranting such an investigation at that time.
Requires before you start investigating some place you have to have a preliminary investigation later groundwork and that takes weeks and sometimes months.
That second of all we did not even have the information on which to predicate that preliminary investigation.
The Secretary did not think that was feasible.
He went on to explain that our next investigation was all set anyway and that that was not of the Navy or the Air Force but involved.
Communists infiltration in defense plants.
The presence of current communist party members in defense plants.
Well, that's the second time the such a thing has been mentioned in your presence Mr. Kohn.
It's the second time that I recall sir.
There might have been others which I don't.
I specifically recall this finalized specifically recall October 21st.
This is recall any other time since the winter back.
Yes.
Now I might say that Mr. Kohn, the question of following that up is the Jenkins on the question of information which we were lacking.
Mr. Adams did make a comment that there was no problem about that. He could get us the information.
Yes, but the reason is the occasion of the mouth incident.
No sir, that's not that's not that's not that was the same of them to six months.
Now they were right. Now what does Mr. Adams see on the key?
The substance of what he said was he could help us getting information on the Navy and the Air Force.
I might say that the conversation changed when the Senate have mentioned that our next investigation was of communist infiltration in defense plants because Mr. Stevens or Mr. Adams immediately said that.
If we were to investigate communist defense plants, does that light involve the defense department itself?
Defense department personnel and does that would be very helpful to Mr. Stevens because it would remove the army as the skull object of the committee's investigation on communist infiltration in the military.
Madam McIntyre, I remember it said while we had that investigation plan, we were already on it. We were going to go ahead on it and doing that simultaneously was going to ease Mr. Stevens' personal situation.
Now make Mr. Stevens feel better about it. Mr. Stevens would lead a beneficiary of us going ahead with the communist infiltration defense plant.
And they're not being used predicted such an investigation looking to the defense plants.
We had for some time prior to that. And you say the secretary and Mr. Adams expressed the light or satisfaction of pleasure over the two years.
Yes, they thought that that would spread around the flame a little bit and that would be they felt that would be very, very helpful.
The ban and Senator McCarthy took the view that we were already on that other investigation. We were going ahead with it and it's running out along at the same time with kind of easement, the Stevens' situation personally and he said say to mine that he was very glad that that would be very soft.
And was anything else said that significance? Our fingers that they are number six. The children that the children like when they were on your charges against the army.
Now there are a lot of other things said, Sir, some generals came in, General Ridgeway came in, General Sudo and General Muget. And I had a tell the story all over again about our investigation of Fort Monmouth. It was more discussion.
They were discussion about Dave Shine and completing his work for the committee while he was doing army training just about us Mr. Stevens and Mr. Adams.
What did it? And the long meeting but I think I covered the sudden stuff.
It was a discussion from November 6th to November 24th and 25th. And with particular respect to the proposed removal of General Lotton from Fort Monmouth.
I want you to tell the members of this committee what you know about that subject Mr. Colton.
On November 24th Mr. Adams talked for the first time about definite concrete plans to remove General Lotton. Just what did Mr. Adams say?
As I recall it, and very much to Jenkins that have been a lot of in between discussions between that tonight about October 14th when General Lotton made the statements which I read.
They then came to the order that the instruction that he couldn't go along to Monmouth and it was apparent he was in the thought house.
Then on November 24th Mr. Adams came up to New York. We had public hearings on communist infiltration and the only radar evidence.
Mr. Colton, I am very...